hi beauties I'm back with another makeup
tutorial and tonight I was inspired by
the party scenes and the Great Gatsby
movie so Halloween is coming up around
the corner and this would also work for
a Marilyn Monroe inspired look anyways
if you like what you see just keep on
watching starting off by applying a base
to keep my eyeshadow staying put and
prevent it from creasing I also use this
to clean up the edges of my brows we're
going in with Mac's vanilla highlight
the brow bone
now I'm taking natural the color from
the motives palette and I'm in chest
mapping out to my crease now going in
with an arc by Mac and just deepening
memories just a bit I'm going in with
Chanel's silvery sparkly eye shadow I
will not butcher that name that I will
put it in the description box I'm just
going in with a motive flat brush and
packing that on my lid as a base I want
my silver to be super opaque
this is NYX liquid crystals and mobitz
glitter and I'm just going to go ahead
and use the NYX as a he-said and then
I'm going to pack on all of that glitter
[Music]
going in with NYC liquid liner which is
an amazing liner and it's just easier to
work with with glitter I'm gonna go
ahead and do a cat eye using just a
container brush to clean up the edge of
that now I'm going in with black shadow
and an angled brush and I'm tracing out
the crease and darkening it just a bit
more and then I'm going to be blending
it out go ahead and curl your lashes
[Music]
now it's time to apply some lashes and I
love these in particular because they
winged out about ur corners and up any
loose glitter that may have fallen onto
your face going in with Mac Studio Fix
to get that really really full coverage
alone and I'm just down with an
off brush adding my Tarte concealer or
this concealer is amazing it just
brightens everything up under your eyes
now I'm going in with my Mac Marilyn
baby powder and I'm setting my concealer
and this also brightens under the eye as
well we'll be using Maybelline's age
rewind concealer just to highlight the
bridge of my nose my forehead and my
Cupid's bow going in with my favorite
bronzer as some of you know is NYX
bronzer and I'm just sculpting the
hollows of my face then I'm going to go
in with makeup forever
Pro finish and this is perfect because
it's matte which stays true to the era
picking up blush and lusting runway from
motives and I'm just dusting that on the
apples of my cheeks and blending it
upwards into my bronzer
now taking a white liner and lining with
my waterline to give my eyes a more open
appearance I'm taking quarterly eye
shadow by Matt and I'm just highlighting
under my eye nothing too dramatic
going in with cherry pencil by Mac and
lining minutes lady danger by Mac is one
of my favorite reds and I'm going to go
ahead and pop back on any last-minute
touches here and they're going in with
Mac's hodgepodge pencil and applying a
Maryland inspired roll now using a
setting spray and you're done
I hope y'all enjoyed this look don't
forget to sub and thumbs this video up
if you enjoyed it bye dolls
[Music]